# Dependencies:
#	_basic_values.txt

######################
# Diseases
######################

### RECOVERY TIMES ###
#number => days
#minimum_recovery_time = 51 #Needs to be higher than 50 (the longest amount of days between health change and death, so that a character can't recover before they're slated to be checked for death)

nurglepox_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
nurglepox_max_recovery_time = 150

tombrot_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
tombrot_max_recovery_time = 150

eyerot_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
eyerot_max_recovery_time = 150

flaming_vomit_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
flaming_vomit_max_recovery_time = 150

creeping_buboes_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
creeping_buboes_max_recovery_time = 150

morrsgrippe_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
morrsgrippe_max_recovery_time = 150

wyrdgrippe_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
wyrdgrippe_max_recovery_time = 150

#deaths_breath_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
#deaths_breath_max_recovery_time = 150

galloping_consumption_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
galloping_consumption_max_recovery_time = 150

#grey_ague_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
#grey_ague_max_recovery_time = 150

neuepocken_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
neuepocken_max_recovery_time = 150

#nurgle_disfiguring_disease_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
#nurgle_disfiguring_disease_max_recovery_time = 150

brown_pox_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
brown_pox_max_recovery_time = 150

foot_warts_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
foot_warts_max_recovery_time = 150

kruts_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
kruts_max_recovery_time = 150

ratte_fever_min_recovery_time = {
        value = minimum_recovery_time
        add = 69
}
ratte_fever_max_recovery_time = 365

weevil_cough_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
weevil_cough_max_recovery_time = 150

ochre_pox_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
ochre_pox_max_recovery_time = 150

red_pox_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
red_pox_max_recovery_time = 150

reikworm_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
reikworm_max_recovery_time = 150

neiglish_rot_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
neiglish_rot_max_recovery_time = 150

itching_pox_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
itching_pox_max_recovery_time = 150

wasting_sickness_min_recovery_time = minimum_recovery_time
wasting_sickness_max_recovery_time = 150


###CONTAGION###
Kruts_contagion_min = 15
Kruts_contagion_max = 45

#################
#	Weight
################

character_weight_base_value = {
        # DISEASE
        if = {
                limit = {
                          has_trait = wasting_sickness
                }
                add = -200
        }



}
